NEST-281: Ability to log in as a tenant’s admin user (#1)
Lombiq/Hosting-Tenants: Readme.md

> # Lombiq Hosting Tenants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Lombiq Hosting - Tenants
```

Lásd még: https://github.com/Lombiq/Orchard-Azure-Application-Insights

## About

> Various libraries that help to build a multi-tenant web application in Orchard Core. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Various modules that help you build a multi-tenant web application in Orchard Core. 
```

Reviewer: Amúgy ezeket be tudod egyből commitolni innen is, és akkor auto-resolve-olódik, ami jó.

## Documentation

> The module consists of the following independent libraries (all in their own features):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project consists of the following independent modules:
```

> The module consists of the following independent libraries (all in their own features):
> - [Lombiq Hosting Tenants - Admin](Lombiq.Hosting.Tenants.Admin/Readme.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module consists of the following independent libraries (all in their own features):

- [Lombiq Hosting Tenants - Admin](Lombiq.Hosting.Tenants.Admin/Readme.md)
```

> 
> ## Contributing and support

Reviewer: Formázási szabályokért lásd: https://lombiq.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEV/pages/12156958/Adding+documentation+pages+to+our+projects Továbbá: https://lombiq.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEV/pages/10453016/Documenting+our+projects

```suggestion

## Contributing and support
```
